I'm here teaching you freebase
it's called the ollie again
how so you can do basically pretty much
every trick and I need it now at ollies
so you can feel flip kickflip Chunkin it
all right boardslide tailslide 5050 so
you want to set your feet and your front
run right behind the bolds so you gotta
pop you want to hear this pop otherwise
you're not going anywhere then when you
pop you don't bring this foot up like
this you're going to eat trust me so you
got popped bring it up I get you in the
air and then when you land just land
your knees otherwise you're going to
hurt yourself again so let's set your
feet up like this pretty much set it up
like this be comfortable then he just
popped bring it up and you're good I
mean my pot we're going to show you some
examples of all these tell us if you
like
this is my kind Colton with extreme hope
you liked the video we're going to
calling it like favor and subscribe
peace out see you next time